Dabi had, apparently stupidly assumed that Aizawa had told the heroes he was coming. The commotion when he walked in the room made it very clear that he was wrong.

“You can’t expect us to trust the word of someone like him-”

“When you said an informant I assumed you meant a civilian who lived near them or something-”

“- entirely unacceptable that you brought him-”

Instead of addressing any of his co-workers, Aizawa stood up and held eye contact with him.

“Did you decide to take the scenic route?” he asked over the top of the angry heroes. No, Dabi wanted to say, I just had a soap opera moment with the escort you sent. It took longer than you’d think.

“Why would I purposefully put off such a delightful meeting?” Dabi deadpanned, and Aizawa gestured for him to sit down in the seat between Aizawa and where Hawks had sat when they entered the room.

“That’s enough,” he said, his voice slightly louder than usual and just enough to shut the heroes up. Across from Dabi, scrutinising him, was All Might, in his weakened state. Dabi felt his stomach bottom out when he saw him, because god, he helped cause that. His love of All Might had faded as his hatred of heroes grew, but he remembered, on days when their father wasn’t at home, sitting with Shouto and Natsuo, watching clips of All Might saving the day while Fuyumi teased them from an armchair, absorbed in a book.

He averted his gaze, feeling almost scolded, and looked at Aizawa, the only safe person in the room.

“I know that this is unprecedented, but considering our current issues with the League of Villains, using the information that Dabi can provide us may be the only way that we can bring them down,” Aizawa explained calmly, Present Mic and Hawks nodding in agreement. None of the others looked sure.

“No offense Aizawa, but this is crazy,” Midnight spoke up. “We can’t possibly trust that he will provide us with correct information.”

“Midnight is right,” Fat Gum agreed, “the only proof we have that he left the League is the fight on TV, but that could’ve been easily staged. Trusting this villain’s word could be suicide.”

“Not to mention the fact that he is a known killer,” Best Jeanist added on, and Dabi just had to speak up.

“The only people I’ve killed are villains – if heroes aren’t persecuted for that, then why should I be?” he asked, allowing a smirk to stretch across his face and relishing in the grimace from around the table.

“Heroes don’t kill villains unless the situation is dire,” Fat Gum argued, and Dabi scoffed.

“Maybe in the dream world you guys have concocted where all heroes are perfect. I know better,” Dabi said darkly, edging a little too close to the truth.

“That’s enough,” Aizawa interrupted when Fat Gum opened his mouth to retaliate. “It’s an issue for another day. I, personally, will vouch for Dabi and say that I believe that he will be honest with us. The League of Villains is out for his blood, and it would be beneficial for him if we put them behind bars.”

“I’ll vouch for him as well,” Hawks said, predictably. “As you all now know, I spent some time working undercover with Dabi when I was tasked with infiltrating the League of Villains. What you don’t know is that he knew from the start that I was a spy, and not only still fed me valuable information, but refused to let me meet the rest of the League for my own safety.” Dabi wanted to argue with him, but it wasn’t really the time or place. He’d send an angry text message later.

“I believe,” All Might spoke up, and all of the attention was on him, as though he was still the beefed up guy he used to be, “that if both Aizawa and Hawks are vouching for this young man, that we should listen to what he has to say, even if we take it with a grain of salt. I, for one, trust my fellow heroes not to lead us astray in such an important matter.”

Being referred to as ‘young man’ by All Might rather than ‘villain’ made him annoyingly happy, something he fought hard not to show. If the way that Hawks kicked his ankle was any indication, he failed in that feat, if only to those who knew him.

“AllMight’s right,” Present Mic spoke up from Aizawa’s other side. “We would be stupid to waste the opportunity to hear from a former member of the League.”

“I agree,” Mt Lady said, “and, I don’t know if those of you who weren’t involved saw the fight like I did, but I don’t believe that that was staged, especially with the way Dabi put himself in front of the young girl who was there. I say hear him out.”

Some of the heroes muttered in agreement, whereas others just looked unsure. Dabi wanted to speak up, to say that whether or not they believed him didn’t matter to him, he just wanted to give them the information and leave, but he knew speaking up would just drag out the debate.

“I just want to know,” Kamui Woods said, “why it is you’re here. How did Aizawa convince you to come?”

The attention was on Dabi now, undivided, as if his answer actually mattered.

“He helped heal my friend from a deadly wound she had been given in a fight with a hero,” Dabi said, knowing what to emphasize to guilt them, “but I had to promise to come here and listen to you bicker and not actually get any shit done for him to help.”

“And that friend is the girl you were protecting in the fight? The young one?” Mt Lady asked, frowning thoughtfully.

“Himiko Toga,” Aizawa answered, and Dabi just nodded. “But we’ll come back to that another time. If everyone has finished, I’d like to actually get on with what we’re meant to be doing and begin questioning Dabi on what he knows about the League.”

When the questions actually started, Dabi realised just how little he actually paid attention to anything that Shigaraki said. Some questions he could answer, like questions the heroes had about specific quirks, but others, about future plans, Dabi wasn’t really sure on, didn’t know if Shigaraki ever discussed it really.

“We just kind of made shit up as we went, I guess. At least, that’s what I did. All for One told Shigaraki what to do, and he told us, and then he turned into a giant baby when things didn’t go his way. Sometimes I’d cut off contact with them for a few weeks just because I couldn’t take his whining.”

“So you don’t think he’s a competent leader?” All Might asked, and Dabi shrugged.

“Now that All for One is in prison, Shigaraki had to step up and make decisions for himself and for the League. Now he has nobody to rely on, he’s maturing, which is bad news for you guys. He’s pretty fucked in the head, so now he’s started thinking for himself things will probably get much more chaotic.”

“Do you know anything about his backstory? About how he became who he is?” All Might continued, and it seemed a little more personal, from the way Aizawa shot him a sharp look, but Dabi just shrugged.

“Shigaraki never told me personally, but from what Kurogiri said and what I put together myself, I think I know most of it. I’m pretty sure when he was a child and his quirk first appeared, he accidentally disintegrated his dad. Every part of him except his hand, I guess, because he calls the hand that’s on his face father. All For One found him after that and raised him to be what he is,” Dabi finished nonchalantly. Too bad the heroes didn’t find him first, he wanted to add on, but refrained.

“Christ,” Present Mic said, and many others seemed to share the sentiment.

“You shouldn’t look so surprised. A lot of villains have that kind of backstory.”

“You included?” Kamui Woods asked.

“No, I got these scars from being hugged too much as a child,” Dabi snapped, and Hawks, under the table, wrapped a hand around his wrist. Dabi knew it was for comfort, but he preferred to pretend that it was to stop him using his quirk.

The conversation moved on from there, Dabi being given maps to show where the League’s safe houses were and places they’d been and abandoned. They even asked his advice on how to take them out.

“You have to take out Kurogiri first. Not only is he their best way to escape, but he’s like… the dad friend. He keeps Shigaraki rational. Sure, the dude’s maturing, but if Kurogiri’s gone he’s sure to make some stupid decisions and compromise the League.”

Everything was going well – Dabi was answering questions he knew would completely fuck up the League, and the heroes actually seemed to believe him, recording what he was saying and jotting down notes. So, of course, with Dabi’s luck, everything had to go wrong.

As the door opened, Dabi paid little attention to it. A few more heroes had trickled in during the questioning, having been patrolling or wrapping up their hero work when the meeting was called. Dabi knew that, with the number two hero in the room, there was no way that the number one hero Endeavour would also show up.

“I’m sorry for being late,” the number one hero Endeavour said as he showed up. Dabi was on his feet in an instant, before even comprehending what was going on. It was just an instinct, when he heard his fathers voice.

“Fuck no,” he snapped, that and the sudden movement startling the heroes who had all but forgotten they were in the room with a villain. “I’m not doing this shit if he’s here.”

Endeavour’s face was cold with rage, and Dabi didn’t even know if he had recognised him, because that’s how his father would look at back when Dabi was still Touya.

“You don’t want to be here with him?” Midnight asked incredulously. “You do know that you’re the one who tried to kill him, right?”

“He represents everything that’s wrong with heroes,” Dabi growled, jerking his arm out of Hawks’ grip when he tried to get his attention.

“Why is this villain here? He should be behind bars after all the harm he has caused,” Endeavour said, his voice gravelly and achingly familiar. Dabi let out a bitter laugh.

“You’re one to talk. The only reason you’re not in jail is because you’re a hero, so nobody thought to look into what happened behind closed doors. Everyone was willing to forget that you drove your wife mad and then locked her away in a hospital for ten years!” Dabi felt crazed, desperate for everyone to know the truth about Endeavour, desperate for someone to validate his pain because he’d been living with it for far too long.

“You don’t know what you’re talking about. Who are you to make such ridiculous accusations?” Endeavour growled, and something in Dabi snapped. If he couldn’t physically attack his father, then he would bring him down another way.

“Who am I? So much time studying my quirk, and now you’re claiming you don’t recognise it? You can’t pull that shit with me, old man. I suppose your colleagues don’t know that the scar I gave you is nothing compared to what you did to me… or to Shouto.”

The room was deathly quiet for a moment, only a whispered “fuck,” from Aizawa echoing around the room. Finally, finally, Dabi could see the recognition on his father’s face, and with it a slight fear. If he was believed, if his siblings agreed to fight their father with him, what Dabi knew could end him.

“What happened to Shouto was his mother’s fault,” Endeavour choked out, and Dabi saw red.

“Don’t you dare blame that on Mum. She did it for the same reason she couldn’t stand being around me – because we looked like you. I guess I should be thanking you for fucking me up so badly – at least this way nobody could possibly think I look like you. And I’d rather look like a freak than a monster.” That was all Dabi could get out before being bundled out of the room, his heart pounding and his hands shaking.

He didn’t realise who he was with until they were out of the office and sitting across from each other in the hallway, but of course it was Hawks, because who else could it be.

“Endeavour is your father,” Hawks said numbly, and Dabi just nodded. He had said too much in there, but at least the heroes knew the kind of scumbag they had let become the number one hero now. Now it was just a question of whether they would excuse it.

“So you’re real name is Todoroki…”

“Todoroki Touya,” Dabi spat out, knowing it was better to get it over with. “You’ve met Fuyumi, right?” Dabi asked, and Hawks nodded. “She’s my twin sister. We were 16 when I was sent away.”

“Sent away? I would’ve thought you left yourself,” Hawks began speaking slightly louder, as if he could mask the yelling that was going on inside the other room. As if Dabi hadn’t grown up with that.

“My father sent me to a hospital after this shit happened,” Dabi said, gesturing vaguely at his face. “He didn’t want my siblings to know what he had done. I left the hospital as soon as I could, and I lived on the streets for a while. I was a coward,” he spat, “I should’ve gone back home. I was the only one who could protect Shouto properly. Endeavour trained me as well, but far less once Shouto’s quirks developed. He cast Fuyumi and Natsuo aside, but I at least had his flames. Hotter ones, actually. I could distract my father and let Shouto have a break every now and then.”

“So that’s why you became a villain? To stop your father?” Hawks asked gently.

“To stop him and every other pathetic excuse for a hero who gets away with that shit,” Dabi spat, and his second kiss with Hawks was just as unexpected as the first one.

Hawks cradled his face gently, running a thumb over his cheekbone in a kiss that was so sweet it was almost sickly.

“Why do you keep doing that?” Dabi asked when Hawks pulled away and shot a quick glance up at the closed office door.

“Because you keep saying things that make me want to. And because… you’re not a bad person. I like that in a guy,” Hawks said, grinning widely just as the door opened and the two of them looked up to see Aizawa standing there.

“I think we’ll all understand if you say no to this,” he said seriously, “but we’d like you to come back inside.”

And what else could Dabi do? He went.
